annot: heat 1 cup chicken stock and soy sauce in a pot
ACTID: 0
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] 1 cup chicken stock (-1), soy sauce (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pot (-1)
annot: Add a little black pepper and white vinegar
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] a little black pepper (-1), white vinegar (-1)
[PP, food, ] (0)
annot: Add a pinch of ajinomoto and sugar
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, ] a pinch of ajinomoto (-1), sugar (-1)
[PP, food, ] (1)
annot: Add red chili and chili sauce
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] red chili (-1), chili sauce (-1)
[PP, food, ] (2)
annot: Add soy sauce, half egg and salt to the chicken
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] soy sauce (-1), half egg (-1), salt (-1)
[PP, food, to] the chicken (-1)
annot: Add flour
ACTID: 5
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] flour (-1)
[PP, food, ] (4)
annot: mix it up
ACTID: 6
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] it (5)
annot: Fry the marinated chicken in a frying pan
ACTID: 7
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] the marinated chicken (6)
[PP, location, in] a frying pan (-1)
annot: mix sesame oil, red chili in a pan
ACTID: 8
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] sesame oil (-1), red chili (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: Cook until the red chili turns brown
ACTID: 9
PRED: cook
[PP, food, ] (8)
annot: Add chopped garlic and ginger
ACTID: 10
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] chopped garlic (-1), ginger (-1)
[PP, food, ] (9)
annot: Add chestnuts, bell peppers, mushroom, carrot and celery
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] chestnuts (-1), bell peppers (-1), mushroom (-1), carrot (-1), celery (-1)
[PP, food, ] (10)
annot: Bring the prepared sauce from earlier steps
ACTID: 12
PRED: bring
[DOBJ, food] the prepared sauce (3)
[PP, other, from] earlier steps (-1)
[PP, food, ] (11)
annot: Dump the chicken to the pan and cook
ACTID: 13
PRED: dump
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (7)
[PP, other, to] the pan (12)
annot: season with green onions, a little salt and corn flour
ACTID: 14
PRED: season
[DOBJ, food] green onions (-1), a little salt (-1), corn flour (-1)
[PP, food, ] (13)